Awesome.
We have successfully created our first home page.
However we have a few more pages to go and the next one would be the belt page number four we start
doing anything before we start creating the file or anything like that.
Let's just check it out.
What would be the common things between the one bridge as well as the above.
So if I'm gonna open up the about page in the final project notice again the logo is gonna be here.
We're also going to have our headings as well as our navigation and then the big background image.
Now I keep calling this the background image of course.
This is just one big image but later on as we're working with the RSS we're gonna be setting this up
as a background image.
So my apologies for now it's just one big image but I keep referring to as one big background.
Now we also gonna have one.
Well then there's gonna be specific text for the about page but then the footer as well as link back
to the top is gonna stay the same.
So we have two options.
Either we can create a new file and start creating everything from scratch or we can just copy and paste
everything that we have in the annexation email and delete unnecessary stuff.
Now let's say first I would like to create a new file and let's call this about the email again since
this would be in the H name home page.
We need to use the agency email extension now within the file I would like to copy and paste everything
that I have here.
So I'm gonna select everything with Commander.
Then we're gonna copy this by with command C as well as last but not least would like to paste this
with command V.
And now I have my index page in my about page.
However this is where we're gonna start making changes.
So first for the title maybe let's write that about page or just in general about and as well as for
the heading I would like to change it from coffee junky to about now what else.
Well the image is gonna stay right.
However the feature product is gonna be about us.
So the text here is gonna be about us.
Is that a feature page.
Now.
We're gonna start deleting everything so I would like to delete all these featured items so everything
starting from the house blend and ending with Colombian roast.
I'm just gonna delete this.
So first of all we can save this and let's see what we're gonna have.
Now this is gonna be my home page.
However now I can navigate my about page and what do we have is a logo the navigation like we wanted
to as well as the big image and then we have just some herring with the virus and at the very bottom
we have a paragraph with copyright and link back to the top so all this is working now the last thing
that we would want in the about page is just to have the paragraph with let's say 500 words.
So we're going to create a pair of tags and we're gonna paste or you know what not based.
We obviously need to look for them and so we have Lorem five hundred and then we're looking for five
hundred words now a moment we're gonna save it.
These are going to be 500 words and again as always we can check it out how it looks like in the bigger
browser window.
So this for now would be the logo.
I mean sorry index page.
So this would be an exception email.
And then as we hover or as we navigate to about 8 email then we're gonna have our heading with our big
text and successfully we also have created our about page.